README.md, before:

# Agglomeration Proofreading Tool

## Installation

Prerequisites:
The proofreading tool needs [chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) and ChromeDriver to be installed. For ChromeDriver download and unzip the [ChromeDriver](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) for your chrome version and include the chrome driver location in your PATH environment variable.

### installation with anaconda:
<details>
  <summary>expand</summary>
  <p>
    
  If necessary download and install [anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/).
  Open anaconda prompt and install git:
  ```
  conda install git
  ```
  Create a folder for the proofreading tool and clone the git repository
  ```
  cd <dir_path_to_tool>
  git clone https://github.com/moenigin/agglomeration-proofreading.git
  ```
  navigate to the proofreading folder and install the downloaded environment.yml,
  ```
  cd agglomeration-proofreading
  conda env create -f apr.yml
  ```
  activate the environment and install the remaining requirements
  ```
  conda activate apr
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
  </p>
</details>

### installation with pip:
<details>
  <summary>expand</summary>
  <p>

  It is recommended to work in to create a dedicated environment for the proofreading tool. It requires Python 3.7 and [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) to be installed.

  ```
  git clone --recurse https://github.com/moenigin/agglomeration-proofreading.git
  ```
  navigate to the agglomeration-proofreading subfolder and install requirements

  ```
  cd agglomeration-proofreading
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
  </p>
</details>


## Usage

To run the proofreading tool type in the prompt

```
python run_proofreading.py
```

The configuration of the proofreading tool can be adapted either through editing the proofreading.ini or by passing arguments directly in the prompt.
For list of arguments see

```
python run_proofreading.py -h
```

for usage instructions see [instructions](/instructions.md)

## Authentication
The tool requires users to be registered with Viewer role to a google cloud project that stores the segmentation data. Additional access to the BrainMaps API requires a service account file with Editor role. 

During authentication to neuroglancer a .apitoken file is created in the user folder. Per default this file will be deleted when exiting the program with ctrl+delete. This requires the user to authenticate every time the program is started. To avoid this and maintain the apitoken start the program with -remove_token False from the command prompt or set the flag to False in the proofreading.ini.

Commit message:

Move exit clean-up to a context manager, fix argument parsing of the remove_token flag, update readme and instruction.md

README.md, after:

# Agglomeration Proofreading Tool

## Installation

Prerequisites:
The proofreading tool needs [chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) and ChromeDriver to be installed. For ChromeDriver download and unzip the [ChromeDriver](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) for your chrome version and include the chrome driver location in your PATH environment variable.

### installation with anaconda:
<details>
  <summary>expand</summary>
  <p>
    
  If necessary download and install [anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/).
  Open anaconda prompt and install git:
  ```
  conda install git
  ```
  Create a folder for the proofreading tool and clone the git repository
  ```
  cd <dir_path_to_tool>
  git clone https://github.com/moenigin/agglomeration-proofreading.git
  ```
  navigate to the proofreading folder and install the downloaded environment.yml,
  ```
  cd agglomeration-proofreading
  conda env create -f apr.yml
  ```
  activate the environment and install the remaining requirements
  ```
  conda activate apr
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
  </p>
</details>

### installation with pip:
<details>
  <summary>expand</summary>
  <p>

  It is recommended to work in to create a dedicated environment for the proofreading tool. It requires Python 3.7 and [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) to be installed.

  ```
  git clone --recurse https://github.com/moenigin/agglomeration-proofreading.git
  ```
  navigate to the agglomeration-proofreading subfolder and install requirements

  ```
  cd agglomeration-proofreading
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
  </p>
</details>


## Usage

To run the proofreading tool type in the prompt

```
python run_proofreading.py
```

The configuration of the proofreading tool can be adapted either through editing the proofreading.ini or by passing arguments directly in the prompt.
For list of arguments see

```
python run_proofreading.py -h
```

ATTENTION: On Windows10 Ctrl-C will not work to exit the program because the tool uses threading.Event. For more information see [here](https://bugs.python.org/issue35935).  

for usage instructions see [instructions](/instructions.md)

## Authentication
The tool requires users to be registered with Viewer role to a Google cloud project that stores the segmentation data. Additional access to the BrainMaps API requires a service account file with Editor role. 

During authentication to neuroglancer an .apitoken file is created in the user folder. Per default this file will be deleted when exiting the program. In consequence the user needs to authenticate every time the program is started. Users, that wish to avoid this and maintain the apitoken, should start the program with -remove_token False from the command prompt or set the flag to False in the proofreading.ini.
